To get started using the Gather app press the “Create Account” button to be taken to a page that allows you to input their information and create an account, or if you have a Google account and would like to use the google sign in feature go ahead and click sign in.

To get started using the app after creating an account press the “Sign In” button to be directed to the a sign in page with options to use either your google account to sign in or the account created previously with your email and password.


When you press the button for “Official Group Projects”, then you will be taken to a page containing a list of groups dedicated entirely to schoolwork.

When you press the button for “Misc. Groups”, then you are taken to a page that contains a list of the groups they have joined that are not meant for schoolwork, and are more for entertainment than work

when you press the button for “Availability Schedule”, then you will be taken to a page where you can input their schedule using Google Calendar, only the busy not busy status will be shared by default.

When you press the button for “Create Group” you will be taken to a page where they can input information to create a group.

when you press the button for “Search Group” the you will be able to look through a list of non-private groups

 When you press button for “Join Group” the you will be taken to a page that informs them that they have joined their selected group and the user's group list will be updated accordingly.

 If you press button for “Leave Group” the you will be taken to a page that informs them that they have left their selected group and the user’s group list will be updated accordingly.

If the you selects the button for “Go Premium” they will be brought to a page that informs them of the benefits of upgrading to the premium version and allows them to input their information to buy the premium version.
 If the you press “Log Out” they will be brought to a page informing them that they have been successfully logged out before redirecting them to the login screen

 If, while in a certain group, the you press the “create message” button, the you will be able to write a message and post it to the group forum
 On a users messages, a you can click “edit” to bring up a menu allowing the you to edit their message.

On a user’s messages, a you can click “delete” to delete their posted message from the group forum.

On a premium account, a you has the option to send private messages. Clicking on the message icon next to a you’s name will bring up a menu that allows the premium you to input a private message to an individual.

If a you press the “Block/Report’ button they are brought to a page that allows them to input information about why they feel the group/individual has violated rules of morality and decency as established by the creators of the group- these concerns will then be addressed by group moderators.
